Add clarification about chunk creation performance (#2270)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/hypertables/change-chunk-intervals.md

SELECT set_chunk_time_interval('conditions', INTERVAL '24 hours');
```

When you change the `chunk_time_interval`, the new setting only applies to new
chunks, not to existing chunks. In practice, this means setting an overly long
interval might take a long time to correct. For example, if you set
`chunk_time_interval` to 1 year and start inserting data, you can no longer
shorten the chunk for that year. If you need to correct this situation, create a
new hypertable and migrate your data.

> While chunk turnover generally should not degrade performance, chunk creation
> does take heavier locks than a normal `INSERT` operation into a chunk that has
> already been created. This means that if multiple chunks are being created at
> the same time, the transactions block each other until the first transaction is
> completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While chunk turnover does not degrade performance, chunk creation
does take longer lock time than a normal `INSERT` operation into a chunk that has
already been created. This means that if multiple chunks are being created at
the same time, the transactions block each other until the first transaction is
completed.
```
